Data-Driven Web Application
Overview
This project is a data-driven web application that displays visualizations and analytics from a dataset of billionaires from 1997 to 2024. The application allows users to select different years and view interactive visualizations showing net worth by age and by year.

Features
Data Ingestion: Load data from a CSV file containing information about billionaires.

Dynamic Filtering: Users can filter the data by year using a dropdown menu.

Interactive Visualizations: Display interactive scatter plots and line graphs using Plotly.

AJAX Requests: Dynamically update visualizations based on user input without refreshing the page.

File Structure
app.py: The main Flask application file.

templates/index.html: The HTML template for the web interface.

static/style.css: (Optional) CSS file for styling the web interface.

data/dataset.csv: The dataset containing information about billionaires.

Code Explanation
app.py
This file contains the main Flask application code, which loads the dataset, processes the data, and generates visualizations.

index.html
This file contains the HTML template for the web interface, including the dropdown menu for year selection and placeholders for the visualizations

Running the Application
Install Dependencies: Ensure you have Flask, pandas, and plotly installed. You can install them using pip:

bash
pip install flask pandas plotly
Run Flask Application: Navigate to the directory containing app.py and run the following command:

bash
python app.py
Access the Web Application: Open your web browser and go to http://127.0.0.1:5000/.

Additional Information
AJAX Requests: The application uses AJAX requests to dynamically update the visualizations based on user-selected year without refreshing the page.

Plotly: Plotly is used for creating interactive visualizations. It is a powerful library that enables the creation of interactive plots, charts, and graphs.

Debugging: Debugging print statements are included in the app.py file to help verify the data being processed and to ensure correct functionality.
